Update fleets for reference section (#2012)
balena-io/docs: pages/reference/supervisor/bandwidth-reduction.md

Side Effects / Warnings
-------------------

> `BALENA_SUPERVISOR_VPN_CONTROL`: This defines the ability to send instantaneous updates to the device. Turning off the VPN means that any fleet or environment variable update is reflected only when the device polls for these changes. The Web Terminal does not function when the VPN is disabled. This also disables the public URLs functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BALENA_SUPERVISOR_VPN_CONTROL`: This defines the ability to send instantaneous updates to the device. Turning off the VPN means that any configuration or variable update is reflected only when the device polls for these changes. The Web Terminal does not function when the VPN is disabled. This also disables the public URL functionality.
```
